---
layout: post
title: she knows!
categories:
 - Life
tags:
 - love
 - cooking
 - durian
 - china town
 - sunset
 - green flame
 - pancake
 - california avocado 
---

This has been a very interesting day. You cannot ask for a day more
flavorful i guess. 

Since we have too many stories to unfold, let's break into chapters.

### Social rejection

i didn't realize that i was actually so afraid of social rejections. It
never occurred to me, and i always thought i could handle those quite
gracefully.

i drank two large cups of coffee yesterday, and slept nearly at 0300.
Just before going to bed, i updated her with my "schedule" as promised,
and i asked her maybe we could hang out sometime after 1500 next day.
But couldn't sleep longer when i woke up around 0730. i lied down for
another 30min, and when i finally couldn't keep sleep, i found qcao
saying Good morning to me. Delighted, woke up, took a short shower and
started preparing meal. She prepared a meal too. 

It was raining in the morning. As she woke up in the morning, she
replied saying that we could check out the weather. And as it turned
out, the rain should be stopping by noon.

While cooking, i proposed maybe she could come over to my place so we
could study/work together for a while, i could cook lunch for her, i
could teach her how to read Uyghur, and she could play dominoes.

She replied to my proposal saying that 雨停以后再议, meaning let's
discuss after the rain stops. i sent her a picture of the soup i
prepared for breakfast, and had a long call with my family back home
while having my soup. As i finished, the rain stopped.

The rain stopped at 1130. i believed and didn't worry about her 雨后再议
when she first said it, but as i was making the phone call, there were a
hidden anxiety within me (which i only found out after retrospection). i
tried to sleep for 30min, more to run away from the fact that nothing is
happening even after the rain. i slept for another 30min. Then again.
Now that it is 1330 and still nothing from her, i become more and more
aware that my proposal was actually rejected by her, but i simply
couldn't accept it.

It is reasonable; it is a raining day, though we can chat along pretty
well, she is of course not obliged to comply to my every request for
seeing her. Since she couldn't outright reject me, she tried to reject
in a more graceful manner, saying 雨后再议. i hope that is the case.

It is also possible that i am somehow getting worried too much. In any
case, i should learn to recognize, face and handle or accept rejection
when it comes.


### Contact initiation

i understood that i didn't handle the perceptive rejection that i
experienced gracefully, yet i still didn't do anything except waiting.
At around 1430, she did reply asking if we should meet somewhere in the
city to grab some durian. i was so delighted by how she initiated
contact. We agreed to meet 1600 at a dessert shop that has durian in
China town, M.

By the time i finished handling things for today, it was already 1530. i
only got 15mins to prepare, and 15mins to run over. It took me 25mins to
run over to the place, which would've taken 40min if i took the trains. 

As we were eating the durians ice cream, i asked her about the 雨后再议
issue. i was right in assuming the possibility that she had some reason
for not contacting me, as i didn't believe she could simply forgot; i
was wrong in reasoning that, by initiating contact right after the rain
was over at 1128, i might potentially take away her excuse which she
used to gracefully reject me. She didn't reject, and wasn't going to
anyway. She simply was worried about initiating contact, and was waiting
for me passing on the ball instead. i kept the ball. What a fool!

i didn't really like this place; they actually made it extra loud well
over 70db and didn't do much as i requested to turn down the music a
bit. Their durian was good yet not quite strong in flavor. We would have
to find real durian.

SHE CUT HER HAIR! i ALMOST DIDN'T RECOGNIZE HER!

She woke black and white; minimalist simplicity.

### The sunset

Crimson sky. Clouds floating. No. Actually the sun was floating on the
clouds. It was wonderful. i suddenly recalled that we could see the
green sun. i wanted her to see it, but she offered me. i was picking up
a random chat topic (about Never Too Late) as she cried out "Now", and i
foolishly asked for confirmation "Are you sure?". She hasted me, but by
which time, it was too late. Such a pity.

We sneaked into her apartment from the window through fire stairs,
because why not! i tried not to step on the windowstill, and put a
tissue for her so she could either step on it, or would touch the
portion without getting herself dirty. i tried to help her in, but she
was too dexterous to need help; she just leaped in. 

### Flipping the Crêpe

She had a flat frying pan as big as a fried egg. She also had a HUGE
frying pot (?), neither of it was ideal for flipping crepe at all. But
we didn't need ideal cookware, did we? It would be more fun. i enjoyed
using my wooden spoon for all my cooking when i just moved into here.

The flour was getting into nuggets; the crepe was too naughty to flip
however i tried. i guess maybe because the pans weren't non-sticky? 

i wanted to make an avocado shake, later to realize that she doesn't
have sugar at home yet. We substituted sugar with a juice that didn't
quite have much sugar, and blended some milk into the mixture. It tasted
like shit, and it was fun.

Two little games: she had a cute bowl that has two holes and a holder
for a pair of chopsticks. i asked her to try to drink from the holes.
Asking didn't work. Trying to engage her into economical gambling didn't
work. Even trying to lure out her interest by some self-made "myths"
didn't work either. She has such a clear and strong will it makes me
feel very free and safe. It is clear what she wants to do and doesn't.
When she is doing it, it is never by force.

We had some butter left over from cooking. i tried to eat it along with
the crepes, but it melted making my hand greasy and visibly unappealing.
She warned me not to as i tried to scare her with my hands. Later i
asked her if she is only eating with chopsticks because she didn't want
to get her hands greasy. Just as she confirmed, i wiped some butter into
her hand. That exact moment, there was neither blame nor anger in her
eyes. There was amazement, and some delight. i hope it lasted, but it
was so short.

### Mites?

They told us we live and sleep with house dust mites. She had a
magnifier that has LEF and measures, and i started hunting mites as i
waited my phone to get charged a bit to get me home. She wasn't
uncomfortable as i looked around on her bed for mites, not at all! She
even suggested to look at pillows. To my HUGE astonishment, i found
NONE. i should learn how to look for mites. i guess i should have ample
amount of them since i am not living quite a hygiene life these days.

Again, there is no mites on her bed! How come! How can she handle
sleeping all by herself all alone through all night every day!

### Bad doggy

She went to the metro station with me. Bidding adieu, she left. i found
there was no money on my metro card, and i only had 100USD bill. The
charger machines was bill only. i went out and found several
supermarkets. But i wanted to see her again, and it was a perfect reason
to call her back.

i asked her to come back. She asked for a reason. i told her i missed
her. As i saw her coming back from the other end of the street, i ran
towards her. Just as i was gonna stop in front of her, a small dog on
the side of the road started barking violently out of nowhere which
scared the shit out of me. The dog knew it is a bit soon for us to do
anything "missing" yet.

### Hot bath

She knows about this website! Now that i know she will be reading this,
i suppose (not sure though) can no longer stay in the same mindset as i
had before, so maybe i should move the domain name, and only update once
every some months?

She asked me if i meant it as i said i missed her. We assured each other
of things we had known in our hearts yet not in words, and they were in
the shape of clouds. We discussed how we felt, and now, most things are
crystal clear. It wasn't quite how i wanted it to be, though. i much
preferred a warm and lovely face-to-face chat in matters like this.
Typing on keyboards never yields anything better than code or poems, and
it was neither. Maybe music sometime, but that is another type of
keyboards. 

i feel it. She and i, are shadows from a single being in the higher
order. i told her a story about me sending someone a flower, and one
more next year. As i asked how much i would be sending the other year,
she simply told me the rabbits and the spirals. Even magic can't do
that!

Maybe i was writing about her as i was describing the bridge.

