---
layout: post
title: Day1
categories:
 - Life
 - Psychology
 - Depression
tags: 
 - clouds
 - story
 - love
---

i was in depression for quite a while, and was running away from
socializing. Somehow i could talk to her.

She updated me about her schedules for the weekend and two more days
;all i had to do was to pick a day. i picked Saturday, since she had a
full day. 

We *temporarily* decided where and when to meet. We slept late till noon. 
i woke up right at noon to find her message that she was already on her
way. Now, i have to rush. 

When i arrived, i realized that i told her a wrong address the day
before, so she was detoured three avenues away!

While waiting for her, i picked a Italian place that, according to Yelp,
had good pizza. i was checking out a good place for gelato as she told
me we might want to change place since that one was too noisy; well, she
even got there well before me while i was right at the other side of the
street.

We went to the museum. Neither of us seemed to be able to find an art
particularly appealing to our taste, except the clouds high above. The
museum had glass walls and quite cozy balcony. We sat in a huge sofa
observing the shapes of the clouds. i tried to devise a game of
territories for the clouds, but could think of no good rule to be
interesting. 

And then, i told her i lost my heart; not *lost*, actually, since it was
more of a *getting rid of it*ish thing. She recommended me a story. i
asked her to read it to me after only reading the preamble, with the
excuse that i read too slowly. She started reading, maybe after a slight
hesitation, but she didn't protest. It was a interesting sweet story
about a bear who feel in love with a giraffe, then a leopard, only to
lose each of the two parts of her heart that she split into in the
beginning. She was wounded, and was left unable to love, for a long
time. Then she started to look for a lion, as she could survive with a
lion. On her quest, a monkey found her, and adored her. Later, the bear
touched by the monkey many times but couldn't love since the bear
didn't have a heart anymore. Later she finds out that:

> Hearts grow.

i was weeping as she was reading the last passages. After a silence, i
rubbed my eyes and wiped off the tears on my cheek. She replied, "Well,
isn't it good to be boys? You can cry at will." as i said "i suppose i
don't have to worry about my makeup."

We went to a gelato place at the Chelsea market. They weren't that good
although they were famous according to online reviews. i went ahead and
ordered a mongo with spicy chocolate when the signoria asked for the
next one in line. As i finished my order, i told the signoria that we
are together and i am also paying for her, only to realize that she was
still standing at the other side of the iceboxes, possibly still
wondering about her flavours. Seeing that i was waiting, she went ahead
and ordered hers. 

Although accidentally, i told her to meet at a wrong place; she wasn't
angry. i hasted my own order without taking care of whether she was
ready, and she was't grumpy. i didn't even had to beg her to read the
story to me. 

She wore a blue flowery dress, which shines as if they were sapphires
under a shaft of sunlight in a dark cave. i loved watching her dress
standing under the sun as she stays under shade. It was wondrous to
behold. 

i couldn't sleep until very late that night. Her dress in my mind. i
wrote a short poem in traditional Chinese for her. i could tell she
liked it.
