---
layout: post
title: culture?
categories:
 - Life
tags:
 - culture
 - language
 - name
 - colors
---

She asked me to teach her Uyghur sometime, which seemed a bit absurd to
me, since this language can barely do any good to anyone given its
status. However, I am glad to do so. She said she knows some Japanese,
which would definitely facilitate it when it comes to actually teaching
if she decides to learn (with a good reason, of course).

She told me I could call her 春春, which is sweet. I will have to use
this name some day. 

She put on some nail oils on her fingers. I tried to guess its color; I
said blue, purple or pink. It was pinkish purple, or purplish pink. 

She listened to Yanni, Kenni G, Toni Braxton and Baris Manco. I would've
given her a short playlist that has my favourites from them. But I do
really appreciate the curiosity and courtesy. I sent her Adargul, and
she could sense the theme in it.

This is the first time she rejected me; as she told me that she changed
my username in the IM app, which was, according to her, not quite
interesting, I asked whether she let out the Latin letters. It was the
opposite; she got rid of the Chinese characters. I tried to tell her
exactly how to pronounce it: `H月rmet` without pronouncing the `y` in `月
`, and asked her to try so I could help her evaluate her
pronunciation. She asked me to first teach her how, as it described some
funny to pronounce sound to her. I insisted she try, and she rejected
once more. I didn't want to push. Feeling that I rejected her request
first, I sent her my pronunciation along with how to approach it. Then I
apologized for pushing her.

She told me she was going to sleep before midnight, and I kept her up
until 0115. I hope I won't have to do this any more, for which I should
keep a regular sleeping cycle.

Good night, and sweet dreams. 
